[#57] Initialize ligo contract (#81)
tqtezos/baseDAO: docs/specification-ligo.md

<!--
SPDX-FileCopyrightText: 2020 TQ Tezos
SPDX-License-Identifier: LicenseRef-MIT-TQ
-->

# Table of contents

* [Overview](#overview)
* [General requirements](#general-requirements)
* [Configuration](#configuration)
* [Contract logic](#contract-logic)
* [Errors](#errors)
* [Entrypoints](#entrypoints)
* [TZIP-16 metadata](#tzip-16-metadata)

# Overview

The contract described here consists of two parts:
- Token functionality ([FA2-based][FA2]).
- DAO functionality with proposals and voting.

These two parts are coupled into one smart contract because interaction between smart contracts in Tezos is expensive and hard to get right.

# General Requirements

- The contract must be FA2 compatible.

- The contract must store tokens of two types: frozen (`token_id` is 1) and unfrozen (`token_id` is 0).

- The storage of the contract must have annotations for all fields
  and must be documented to make its interpretation easy for users.

# Configuration

BaseDAO is not a concrete smart contract, but rather a framework to implement various DAOs.

> It can be configured at origination for any specific needs.

Author: Is it true for LIGO version?

Reviewer: Fair point, changed it to:
```
BaseDAO is a concrete smart contract, but also a framework to implement various DAOs.
```

> In order to do so the contract has two type synonym for `(string, bytes) map`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
In order to do so the contract has two type synonyms for `(string, bytes) map`
```

Reviewer: Fixed

```cameLIGO
type proposal_key = bytes

type proposal =
  { upvotes : nat
  ; downvotes : nat
  ; start_date : timestamp
  ; metadata : proposal_metadata
  ; proposer : address
  ; proposer_frozen_token : nat
  ; voters : (address * nat) list
  // ^ List of voter addresses associated with the vote amount
  // Needed for `flush` entrypoint.
  }
```

## Runtime configuration

Some configuration values are specified in runtime and can be changed during the contract lifetime.
They must be provided on origination to construct the contract's initial storage.
These values are:
1. `admin : address` is the address that can perform administrative actions.
2. `voting_period : nat` specifies how long the voting period lasts.
3. `quorum_threshold : nat` specifies how many total votes are required for a successful proposal.

# Contract logic

This chapter provides a high-level overview of the contract's logic.

- The contract maintains a ledger of address and its balance (frozen and unfrozen tokens)
- The contract manages a special role called "Administrator".
- The contract stores a list of proposals that can be in one of the states: "ongoing", "rejected", or "accepted".

> - Migration form a two-step process:
>   + After migration start the contract `migration_status` state is set to `MigratingTo targetAddress` state.
>   + After successful migration confirmation `migration_status` is set to `MigratedTo newContractAddress` state. All the subsequent operations, except `transfer_contract_tokens`, will fail with the `MIGRATED` tag.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Migration forms a two-step process:
  + After the migration starts, the contract `migration_status` state is set to `MigratingTo targetAddress` state.
  + After successful migration confirmation, `migration_status` is set to `MigratedTo newContractAddress` state. All the subsequent operations, except `transfer_contract_tokens`, will fail with the `MIGRATED` tag.
```

Reviewer: Fixed here and in `specification.md` as well
